Oh Hopkins to see you may be quick
earnest now as our new leader I think I
need you to do for me what do you take
down the jocks are wise of course I do
yes well I have a plan okay what is it
well what I need are some inappropriate
pictures of someone they care about you
want pictures yes it's a complicated
plan all right I need some naughty
pictures of that Mandy girl I'm sure you
do but what does that got to do with
this plan I'm not like that at all you
want you to get incriminated pictures of
the head cheerleader just for your plan
the kind of pictures that can land me in
jail or worse it's not easy mate the
boss man this better be good
oh my god the ISIS float
and
ah
this is much better I hope this make you
smell the nerd do not
I've got some nice damage I can't wait
to see them and the student of Academy
you know
that's easy